Add svix-cli testing section to webhooks documentation (#2548)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/platform/webhooks.mdx

If your project is running on `localhost:3000`, you can run the following
command to generate a temporary URL:

```bash
svix listen http://localhost:3000/api/liveblocks-webhook
```

This will output a unique URL that forwards all POST requests to your local
endpoint:

```
Webhook Relay is now listening at:
https://play.svix.com/in/c_tSdQhb4Q5PTF5m2juiWu8qFREqE/

All requests on this endpoint will be forwarded to your local URL:
http://localhost:3000/api/liveblocks-webhook

View logs and debug information at:
https://play.svix.com/view/c_tSdQhb4Q5PTF5m2juiWu8qFREqE/
```

The generated URL can be placed directly into the Liveblocks webhooks dashboard
for testing. This approach is particularly useful in enterprise environments
where tools like `localtunnel` or `ngrok` may be blocked by security policies.

### Using localtunnel or ngrok

Alternatively, you can use tools such as 
[`localtunnel`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/localtunnel) or
[`ngrok`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ngrok) which also allow you to
temporarily host your localhost server online.

If your project is running on `localhost:3000`, you can run the following

> command to generate a temporary URL that's available while your localhost server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command to generate a temporary URL that’s available while your localhost server
```
